Alerting docs: update the Terraform Provision guide (#83773)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/set-up/provision-alerting-resources/terraform-provisioning/index.md

1. Create a new service account.
1. Assign the role or permission to access the [Alerting provisioning API][alerting_http_provisioning].
1. Create a new service account token.
1. Name and save the token for use in Terraform.

You can now move to the working directory for your Terraform configurations, and create a file named `main.tf` like:

```main.tf
terraform {
    required_providers {
        grafana = {
            source = "grafana/grafana"
            version = ">= 2.9.0"
        }
    }
}

provider "grafana" {
    url = <grafana-url>
    auth = <api-key>
}
```

Replace the following values:

- `<grafana-url>` with the URL of the Grafana instance.
- `<api-key>` with the API token previously created.

This Terraform configuration installs the [Grafana Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs) and authenticates against your Grafana instance using an API token. For other authentication alternatives including basic authentication, refer to the [`auth` option documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs#authentication).

> For Grafana Cloud, refer to the [instructions to manage a Grafana Cloud stack with Terraform][provision-cloud-with-terraform]. For Role-based access control, refer to [Provisioning RBAC with Terraform][rbac-terraform-provisioning] and the [alerting provisioning roles (`fixed:alerting.provisioning.*`)][rbac-role-definitions].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Grafana Cloud, refer to the [instructions to manage a Grafana Cloud stack with Terraform][provision-cloud-with-terraform]. For role-based access control, refer to [Provisioning RBAC with Terraform][rbac-terraform-provisioning] and the [alerting provisioning roles (`fixed:alerting.provisioning.*`)][rbac-role-definitions].
```

## Create Terraform configurations for alerting resources

> [Grafana Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs) allows to manage the following alerting resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Grafana Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs) enables you to manage the following alerting resources.
```

| [Alert rules][alerting-rules]                   | [grafana_rule_group](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs/resources/rule_group)                   |
| [Contact points][contact-points]                | [grafana_contact_point](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs/resources/contact_point)             |
| [Notification templates][notification-template] | [grafana_message_template](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs/resources/message_template)       |
| [Notification policy tree][notification-policy] | [grafana_notification_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs/resources/notification_policy) |
| [Mute timings][mute-timings]                    | [grafana_mute_timing](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs/resources/mute_timing)                 |

In this section, we'll create Terraform configurations for each alerting resource and demonstrate how to link them together.

### Add alert rules

> [Alert rules][alerting-rules] enable you to receive alerts by querying any backend Grafana datasources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Alert rules][alerting-rules] enable you to receive alerts by querying any backend Grafana data sources.
```
